# Channel: #「📜」rules

Channel ID: 896070889005781038
Guild: 🍂 Pawtropolis™ | Furry • LGBTQ+
Fetched: 2025-11-26T23:01:03.508Z
Total messages: 5

---

## Terms - 2024-05-14T01:06:33.245Z

(no text content)

**[Embed]**
By joining Pawtropolis, you agree to follow our guidelines. We except users to use their common sense, and not ruin it for others. By not following these terms, can result in actionable offense. Terms  may be updated without given notice, and is your responsibility to follow. If you need to dispute an offense, you may open a ticket, however, it may be dismissed depending on the action.

**[Embed]**
**Title:** DISCORD TERMS OF SERVICE
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> This server follows Discord TOS.
We ask that all members follow the terms and guidelines:

• https://discord.com/terms
• https://discord.com/guidelines

**[Embed]**
**Title:** Art DM's and No Tolerance for DM Advertising
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> To protect our members from potential scams, we do not allow users to DM others about selling artwork without explicit consent or a request from the user. Violating this rule may result in a ban for DM ADVERTISING.

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> **Rules regarding the use of AI**
1. The use of AI art posting within art channels is not allowed. This does not include AI-generated memes that would go in <#896070889462976610>

1a. AI art commissions are not allowed. This goes without saying.

2. Asking for people's art to feed into AI is not allowed even if the images are willingly given. If the picture is used to feed AI
without the provider knowing that was what the image would be used for, there will be actions taken against the person who used the AI.

3. Using AI to gather ideas or brainstorm is allowed as long as you do not use the AI as your final piece, trace,
or redraw certain aspects of the AI to claim the art as your own. If you use AI to brainstorm you must disclose this when posting the piece.

4. The selling and promotion of AI-made adoptable characters is not allowed.

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Within Pawtropolis we do not support the use of AI to take the place of artists and recognize the harm that is being done with the use and growing popularity of AI. The breaking of these rules will result in disciplinary action that is most likely a ban from the server. 

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> We encourage you to improve your art skills and support human artists. 
The excuse of not being able to afford art will not be valid within this server. We have an art request channel ( ⁠<#1190043337512730654> ) and an art trade channel ( ⁠<#1190043276670156911> ) you can use to find “free” art.

**[Embed]**
**Title:** HARASSMENT & TROLLING
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Any form of harassment or bullying towards another user is against our terms, and may be actionable based on the severity of the content. This rule applies to, but not limited to:

• Any descriptors that target a specific group or individual in a hateful matter
• Homophobia, sexism, transphobia, racism, antisemitism, xenophobia, etc.
•  Posting other users' private info without their consent (this includes selfies)
•  Topics that may be sensitive to another user
<:arrow:1239723422658072647>Trolling goes without saying, and is not allowed. This is a community for people to enjoy and feel safe. If you are caught trolling and or raiding, you will automatically be banned.

**[Embed]**
**Title:** LISTEN TO STAFF
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> A Staff member's role is to keep a peaceful and friendly environment. It's important to listen to Staff instructions. Things such as ignoring or arguing with a staff member can lead to actionable offenses. Be mindful of other in chat, and it's the main reason we don't want  users to cause an issue with staff, as it ruins the community for the rest. 

• Blocking Staff is allowed as they're technically any other Discord User, (However, if a staff member cannot contact you or you don't see their instruction, you'll be punished as such, and will be held liable for your actions).
• All Staff are required to follow the rules like you do
• Do not find loopholes
• If you have an issue with a staff member, please make a ticket, and ping <@958507309548584982> with the caption "reporting a staff user".
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Please be wise and understand that staff do not want to punish users. Working together to keep a fun environment is the ultimate goal.

**[Embed]**
**Title:** AVOID DRAMA & TOUCHY SUBJECTS
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Do NOT seek to make other members uncomfortable or start conflict within the server. We do not tolerate drama and arguments within public chats. Anyone unwilling to drop heated subjects or take situations into DMs will be muted or warned by staff. Staff can determine if a topic is too sensitive for chat. WE DO NOT ALLOW THE FOLLOWING TOPICS:
﻿
• ||Suicide/ Self harm/ Acts of Violence||
• ||Substance Abuse/ Drug Talk (this includes legal substances)||
• ||Alcohol||
• ||Politics/ Religion||
• ||Graphic Content/ Imagery of Weapons (guns, knives, etc)||
• ||Homophobia/ Transphobia/ Racism/ Sexism are not tolerated||
• ||Do not beg for Nitro or Free Art||
﻿

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Any messages related to such topics will be deleted and punishment will be issued if need be.
Please seek professional help if you are having thoughts of self harm/ violence.
﻿
• https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/ ⁠⁠<#1198772749515100261>
﻿

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Violation of this rule will result in mute/warn punishments and as severe as ban/reports can and will be made.

---

## Terms - 2024-05-14T01:06:41.684Z

(no text content)

**[Embed]**
**Title:** LINKS AND ADVERTISEMENT
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> We allow promotion of social accounts in <#1055306803623235715>. You need to be <@&896070888712175688> or higher to post external links. 

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> `Any of the following is prohibited:`

• Discord invite links
• Links that do not comply with our terms
• Malicious linking
• Using your "display name" to advertise
• Asking/begging for users
• DM Advertising. This will be counted as unsolicited Dm's

**[Embed]**
**Title:** ADULT CONTENT
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> This is a 100% SFW Community. To comply with Discord's Terms, and how we want to keep teens safe, We do not have an official adult area. 
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> We do not want our community to be viewed as an NSFW area for users. 

• No discussion of 18+ topics
• Be mindful that there are minors, and this is a 13+ Community

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Discussion of these topics will be an automatic 3 strike penalty.

**[Embed]**
**Title:** ENGLISH ONLY
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Pretty straight forward :D

**[Embed]**
**Title:** WARNINGS & PUNISHMENTS
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Users that violate our terms are subject to actionable offenses. Your punishment is dependent on the severity of the content. 
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> You are responsible to follow our guidelines, and breaking so, will lead to punishment. If you ever feel as punishments are unfair, it's best to make a ticket to sort it out. We only want the best for our users, and believe that actions are forgiven if followed.  

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> `How does our moderation system work?`

Most of our moderation is handled by auto-mod which follows the same guide as manually. 

• We manage a 3 strike rule. 
• 3 strikes = 1w mute
• strikes fall off 30d after
•  If you receive 3 warnings within 14 days, it may lead up to further actions.

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Ban Appeals: https://dyno.gg/form/b18001d3

---

## ssquiigg - 2024-06-05T17:28:15.536Z

ART BASES

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Users are allowed to post artwork with both P2U and F2U bases within Pawtropolis as long as proper credit is given.
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Posts using bases without credit will be deleted and you will be asked to repost it with proper credit attached.

It is unfair to base artists when you use their assets without credit. You are claiming creative liberty of their original work and trying to pass it off as your own which is art theft. Art theft might seem harmless at first but overtime there are huge consequences such as copyright infringement, money loss, and even more. 
Please respect artists and their work and properly credit them.

---

## ssquiigg - 2025-01-07T08:23:26.439Z

ART COMMISSION AD POSTING

<:arrow:1239723422658072647> <@&896070888594759749> are allowed to post their art commission ads in <#896070890188603444> once a day as a general rule. If there are less than 10 posts between your previous commission post DO NOT post your ad again even if it’s after the 24 hour period.
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> Commission ads should be less than 15 lines in length. A good measure to this length without counting is if your entire message is able to be seen on mobile without scrolling.
<:arrow:1239723422658072647> A maximum of 9 images/videos are allowed to be attached to commission advertisements. 

Commission advertisements that break this rules will now be deleted and users that continually break these rules will have punishment as follows:
- Warning 
- Warning
- Warning
- Removal of <@&896070888594759749> role

---

## wwerew0lf - 2025-11-08T02:13:00.430Z

Only be Tea
